delete old coverage files and add new page for new coverage page [CY-7340] (#2202)
codacy/docs: docs/repositories/coverage.md

If the repository doesn't have a coverage goal set, the code coverage metrics won't show values for Files above and below coverage goals.

!!! note
    You can set a Coverage goal for the repository [inside repository settings, on the Goals tab](../repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-goals.md).

![Code coverage metrics](images/coverage-metrics.png)

## Open pull requests

The **Open pull requests** area displays the last updated pull requests and the split between the status of all open pull requests in your repository:

-   **Up to standards:** Pull requests that meet the minimum quality levels
-   **Not up to standards:** Pull requests that failed to meet at least one of the [quality gate rules defined for the repository](../repositories-configure/adjusting-quality-gates.md)
-   **Analyzing:** Pull requests currently being analyzed by Codacy

Click a bar segment to display only pull requests with the corresponding status.

To see the details of pull requests, click a pull request from the list or click **See all pull requests** to open the [list of pull requests](pull-requests.md) in the repository.

![Open pull requests](images/open-pull-requests-widget.png)

> ## Low covered files with issues 
> 
> For a better files comprehension in terms of issues and coverage simultaneously, Codacy displays a files table where it's possible to check which files contain a low coverage percentage and a high number of issues.
> 
> ## Low covered files with high complexity
> 
> For a better files comprehension in terms of complexity and coverage simultaneously, Codacy displays a files table where it's possible to check which files contain a low coverage percentage and a high complexity rate.
> 
> ![Low covered files with issues and high complexity](images/low-covered-files-tables.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Files with low coverage, issues and/or high complexity

For a better understanding of how repository files are performing in terms of issues, high complexity and coverage simultaneously, Codacy displays a files table where it's possible to check which files contain a low coverage percentag, a high number of issues and/or a high complexity rate.

![Low covered files with issues and high complexity](images/low-covered-files-tables.png)
```
